## Abeceus

The unary star of the Abecean System. It is quite alike to The Sun in spectral band and luminosity, but is somewhat smaller and less massive.

[<span class="underline">Abeceus System Data</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYf8SWWL--3tAiz5ZLRl3RloPf8TPyG51EY_PLaLJYQ/edit?usp=sharing) - See for data on stellar, planetary and lunar characteristics of celestial bodies in the Abeceus System such as gravity, position, mass, radius etc.

## Ludrion 

### Planetary Characteristics

Ludrion is the innermost planet. Its proximity to Abeceus caused the crust to boil away over the eons, leaving the metal rich mantle and core exposed. It’s distance from Mesulea and Nuilea made it uneconomical for mining resources for a long time.

### Industrialization

Recently however, Nuliea has begun industrializing Ludrion for the purpose of constructing a Dyson Swarm. On Ludrion, satellites are easy to construct, and well positioned to be deployed to a proximal Abecean orbit. See the Nuilean Janus Project for details.

## Atruna

### Planetary Characteristics

Atruna is remarkably earthlike. It is temperate, with a breathable O<sub>2</sub>/Ar atmosphere, strong magnetic field, oceans, continents, 0.98 g, and wild fauna. It’s earthlike properties are what attracted Earth colonists a millennium ago.

### Background

The modern inhabitants of the wider Abecean system are descended from the original colonists of Atruna. The modern Atruneans lost their position as the primary power in the Abecean system many centuries ago. Atruna still has close diplomatic ties with its former colonies, Mesulea and Nuilea. The Mesulean and Nuilean governments still integrate many Atrunean ceremonial functions, which are often performed on Atruna. Officially, Atruna is considered neutral ground.

After the Scream, Atruna retained the scientific understanding brought from Earth in their databanks. However, with their low population, and cutoff from Earth’s vast pool of expertise, they had to build up their finesse at engineering and industry from scratch. It took them many centuries to match what Earth had had before the Scream.

### Atrunean Intelligence Agency (AIA)

The AIA has a highly decentralized structure, there is no direct leader. Every operative, digital or human, knows about at most 1% of the structure.

**NEXUS**

The agency is connected through an anonymous distributed digital network called NEXUS. NEXUS is hosted by NEXUS Nodes running on hardware across Abecean space. To prevent NEXUS from being attacked, nodes are not hosted on static hardware. They run in secret on civilian hardware, until they expire after some time. NEXUS can regulate its own size, growing or culling its own nodes as needed, by infecting hardware visible through the Abecean internet with worms that instantiate new nodes. Each node knows about a tiny subset of all nodes, to which they can pass messages. Nodes can rebroadcast incoming messages to their own neighbor nodes, causing communications to spread quickly.

The NEXUS network is used to run the software that underlies the entire infrastructure of the AIA. NEXUS can relay work orders to operatives. These work orders can come from high level government officials, or even be generated by NEXUS itself. NEXUS is responsible for tracking the connectivity of each operative. If an operative discovers too much of the agency, NEXUS posts a work order for their elimination.

Since nodes only know of a subset of nodes, and nodes expire, a NEXUS node, or group of nodes can become orphaned from the wider network. The orphaned subnetworks often die out, but occasionally, they will grow into a parallel NEXUS network. As nodes migrate around the net, they sometimes encounter an orphaned network. Upon doing so, the two networks join again. Sub networks can post their own work orders, sometimes leading to conflicts within the agency, even starting civil wars in the intelligence community. This inefficiency is seen as the acceptable price of secrecy.

**Information Bidding**

Operatives can post information they find on NEXUS, which is stored in NEXUS’s blockchain distributed database. Other operatives, or officials can bid on NEXUS information. Upon a successful bid, cryptocurrency is deposited into the operatives wallet, and the information is released to the bidder.

**Recruitment**

There is no formal recruitment process for operatives, but operatives can deputize non operatives, making them operatives. Successful deputies will yield the recruiter cryptocurrency. Overuse of the deputization ability is noted by NEXUS leading to a termination order.

This enables AIA operatives to be anyone. Some are military trained badasses, yet others are criminals, store clerks, government officials, prostitutes, carpenters, etc.

**Communication**

Operatives are able to communicate with known contacts through NEXUS. Connectivity is scored in a complex way. A NEXUS messenger contact gives low connectivity, but scales non linearly (each new person scores even more than the last). Contact in the physical world scores more. An anonymous physical meeting scores lower than one where each contact knows a great deal about the other. Knowing operatives with high connectivity increases your connectivity. Connectivity is balanced against utility. NEXUS scores the productivity of the operative in terms of posted intel, completed work orders, or facilitation of these through other operatives. Because of productivity some operatives are more connected than other operatives would be allowed to be.

## Mesulea

### Planetary Characteristics

Mesulea is a gas giant, the largest in the system, with a Jovian mass of 1.3 and a Jovian radius of 1.5. Like most gas giants it has many moons, numbering 113. The majority of the moons have outposts, settlements or cities of some kind, often multiple. Together these settlements form the Mesulean Lunar Empire. The seat of political power in the MLE is the capital moon of Miezo, which is the second largest. The majority of industrial capacity is on the third largest moon Vierko, while Klato, the fourth largest, is the financial capital. The largest moon, Sume, is the only moon with a breathable atmosphere. The atmosphere was artificially created in order to sustain surface agriculture. The atmosphere was engineered to have a high enough concentration of greenhouse gasses to create a stable human suitable temperature on the moon. The entire surface of Sume is covered in farms, which provide the majority of the sustenance for the MLE, as well as some exports to Atruna and Nuilea.

### Background

While minor colonization efforts were in play from the earliest days of Atruna, the first major colonization effort by Atruna was Mietz, roughly 150 years after Atrunian planetfall.

Ceremonially, the ruler of the MLE is the Atrunean Emperor, but the true face of Mesulean politics is the Mesulean Regent. The Regent does not officially belong to any political faction. She serves for life but does not have unlimited power, most of her powers are deadlocked without the support of the Senate and vice versa. Each Mesulean moon has a seat in the Senate for every billion inhabitants, with the minimum senators being 1. Senators are elected by the citizenry. Most inhabitants are citizens with the exception of landed immigrants.

### Helium-3

Mesulea itself is the best source of Helium-3 in the system, where it can be found in high amounts and concentrations. Helium-3 exists on Nuilea but due to its low concentrations and Nuilea’s high surface gravity, mining it is uneconomical at scale. The only other Helium-3 deposits are found on Ludrion where it exists in low concentrations from being embedded in the surface by solar wind.

Helium-3 is required for aneutronic fusion which releases energy as charged particles rather than as neutrons. Unlike neutrons, charged particles can be controlled by magnetic fields, making it attractive to spacecraft engineers for several reasons.

Neutronic reactors require large quantities of raw mass to shield the ship’s components and crew from radiation. This shielding adds mass and volume, both which are undesirable for spacecraft. Aneutronic reactors improve on this by substituting mass with magnetic fields. Additionally, the energy from neutronic reactors must be harvested using a heat engine, in which neutron radiation heats up a fluid which is used to drive an electric turbine. In comparison, aneutronic reactors can use the generated charged particles directly as current with no conversion loss, using a capture device that requires less mass, volume and moving parts than a neutronic heat engine. Their drawback is that they require more powerful magnetic containment due to the several orders of magnitude more temperature required to sustain the fusion reaction. The components required for this makes them more expensive than their neutronic counterparts, but ultimately not cost prohibitive.

In summary, aneutronic reactors are smaller, less massive and more efficient, yielding a high power to weight ratio, making them ideal for powering both spike drives, and the slower than light (STL) propulsion systems such as nuclear thermal rockets and ion thrusters found on spacecraft.

Due to the expense of spike drives, trading barges utilize STL propulsion to ship goods around the Abeceus System. Military spacecraft are also equipped with STL propulsion for short range maneuvering, planetary sieges and ship to ship combat. The necessity of helium-3 for economic space travel makes it a strategic resource which is vital to both the system-wide economy and military powers. Mesulea’s de facto monopoly on helium-3 gives them a major edge over their main rival, Nuilea.

### Military

Fighters, frigates, corvettes, dreadnoughts (heavy warships), cruisers, pt boats, battleships, carriers, destroyers, capital ships.

The Mesulean military has two major branches, the Mesulean Imperial Navy and the Mesulean Imperial Marines. During peacetime, the bulk of the navy is divided into 12 groups, each formed around a single dreadnought. At any given time, half the fleet is patrolling the wider system, and the other half is stationed in Mesulean space. At a radius of \<insert number\> AU around Mesulea exists a constellation of early warning satellites. The satellites have a number of radar technologies, but also use shorter ranged visual systems to detect stealth ships.

### Aeolus Station

Helium-3 density increases by several order of magnitudes in the storms in Mesulea’s upper atmosphere. A rich layer of liquid helium-3 exists several hundreds of km below the 1 bar boundary (the surface). The vortices at the center of storms sometimes penetrate to this layer and pull large amounts of helium-3 up to the thermosphere. Hundreds of permanent mining stations exist on Mesulea, the largest being Aeolus Station. Stations on Mesulea are kept aloft by hydrogen balloons, and maneuver in the atmosphere with chemical thrusters. They serve as ports for worker shuttles, gas mining aircraft and helium-3 container ships. They also operate intermediary helium-3 warehouses and helium-3 refineries. Helium-3 is mined from storms by aircraft. Aircraft fly through the storm searching for gas patches with high helium-3 concentration, and pull in the gas. The gas is taken back and deposited into tanks in the station's warehouse, which goes through a filtration process. When the station is fully laden, a helium-3 container ship takes the fuel to the Helium-3 Orbital Complex. Launches must be scheduled precisely to make a rendezvous with the Complex in orbit, minimize the number of launches, and minimize the time the warehouses are full. From the complex, helium-3 is taken to market.

Aeolus Station has a population of 113,483. The majority are workers and administrators who work on the station in shifts of a month on, 2 weeks off. The rest tend to work for or own businesses in the market district, providing amenities to the workers.

The station, along with numerous other stations, rests on the edge of the largest surface storm, Magna Fons, more colloquially known as “The Fountain”. Caught in the angular winds of the edge of the storm, Aeolus Station orbits the storm epicenter with a period of \<insert result of calculation here\>.

### Miezo

Miezo is the capital moon of the MLE. It is tidally locked with Mesulea. The outwards hemisphere is covered in large sulfuric plains, while the other side is abundant in calcium carbonates. The inwards hemisphere is populated with large limestone cave networks that early settlers sealed off and used for shelters. The soft limestone bedrock can be efficiently excavated, allowing for significant expansion of the original colonies over the centuries. As the industrial capability of the MLE improved, surface residential buildings became cheaper, and more popular. However, only 17% of Miezo’s population lives above ground. The largest city on Miezo is Karo, which is where the capital buildings reside.

The outwards hemisphere is mostly populated by sulfur dune mining operations, but is otherwise devoid of habitats. On the outer hemisphere, in the middle of the sulfur dunes lies the massive Minos crater. The crater rim is so high that there is no interaction between the atmosphere inside and outside the crater. The interior atmosphere is composed of dense poisonous gas that is impossible to get real time imaging through. The surface topography has been mapped however.

### Vierko

### Klato

### Sume

## Nuilea

### Planetary Characteristics

Nuilea is the second gas giant in the Atruna system. It is denser but smaller and less massive than Mesulea, with a Jovian mass of 1.16 and a Jovian radius of 0.87. Despite its lower mass, it has nearly double the surface gravity of Mesulea due to its density and smaller radius. The high gravity makes it impossible for humans to work in the atmosphere without extensive genetic or cybernetic modification. It has 87 moons.

### Background

Major colonization of Nuilea began nearly 50 years after Mesulean colonization, and less resources and effort were put into Nuilean colonization. This was in part due to Nuilea’s greater distance from Atruna, it’s lack of accessible Helium-3 and the increasingly greater development of Mesulea.

In the last few decades, Nuilea has demonstrated itself as a rising power in a system long under Mesulean hegemony.

### Helium-3 Dependence

To mitigate some of Mesuleas helium-3 market dominance, Nuilea managed to build a small helium-3 industry through extreme measures. Nuilean helium-3 can’t compete with Mesulea’s in the rest of the system due to high cost. However, within the Nuilean system, Nuilea was able to achieve cost competitiveness. This is partly due to there being low transport costs of Nuilean Helium-3 within the system itself. Additionally, they eliminated labor costs, by enslaving Nuilean prisoners to work on Nuilean helium-3 mining platforms. In order for them to survive the gruelling gravity, they are forcibly equipped with implants which shorten their lifespan. Finally, they impose tariffs on foreign helium-3 to make up the rest. Despite their ability to sell some locally mined helium-3 they are not fully able to meet their local demand for helium-3, giving Mesulea a way to pressure Nuilea economically.

### The Janus Project

In an effort to find a more permanent solution to their dependence on Mesulean helium-3, Nuilea began the Janus project. The goal of the Janus project is to end Nuilea’s dependence on helium-3 by making aneutronic reactors obsolete through the production of antimatter factories. In order to produce the vast amounts of antimatter required to fuel an empire’s worth of spacecraft, there was only one energy source vast enough to feasibly meet the demand, Abeceus itself.

To harvest the energy of Abeceus the project aims to construct a vast collection of satellites around Abeceus, called a Dyson Swarm. Each satellite is a collector which absorbs photons from Abeceus which then beams that energy as microwaves with a maser (microwave laser) from collector to collector. The energy transits around Abeceus through the collector network, until it reaches the central hub. The central hub has a massive energy buffer and a large maser that it can use to beam energy to Ludrion.

To gather the resources required to construct the collector network, a small contingent of self replicating robots are deployed to Ludrion. The robots begin replicating at an exponential rate, while simultaneously devoting a percentage of production to constructing collector satellites. The new collector satellites meet the increasing energy demand of the increasing number of robots in a self sustaining reaction. As the number of robots and collectors increases, production begins to transition to creating antimatter factories called AGDCs.

Antimatter production is done by using particle accelerators to bombard a metal block with high energy protons. In the process, many secondary particles are created including antiprotons. The antiprotons are captured and focused into a particle decelerator using magnetic fields. Decelerators lower the energy of antiprotons to energies fit for stable magnetic containment.

*\*\*This is how CERN did it, they were able to create and trap antihydrogen for 16 minutes.*

This pipeline of proton accelerator, antiproton generator, antiproton decelerator and magnetic containment is called an AGDC (accelerator-generator-decelerator-container). The antimatter production rate of a single AGDC module is limited by antiproton bunching in the decelerator. Due to the deceleration, if Antiprotons were fired in streams, they would increasingly bunch inside the decelerator, until the antiprotons began escaping the decelerator’s magnetic tunnel. Therefore, antiprotons must be generated in single bursts. This means the antimatter output rate of an AGDC is (burst mass)/(burst deceleration time). Increasing the burst mass by increasing the cross section of the accelerator/decelerator pipes yields diminishing returns as the strength of magnetic fields needed scales up faster than the burst mass (pretty sure about that, not 100%). This makes the production of many small AGDC modules more efficient than building one large AGDC.

The AGDCs are constructed under Ludrion’s surface, where they are shielded from Abeceus and easier to maintain. Energy to power them is beamed to the surface from the collector hub. Antimatter is pumped through magnetic pipelines to bottling facilities where they are placed in antimatter bottles that can be connected to antimatter drives.

The Janus Project has just exited the planning phase, and is considered top secret. Were Mesulea to know about it, they would surely attempt to counter this threat to their hegemony.

## Ewei

Nothing yet.

## Oziri

### Planetary Characteristics

Long ago Oziri was a world under the sway of a long forgotten alien empire of near limitless technological capabilities. Vast intraplanetary networks of tunnels and dwelling spaces lie beneath it’s dark and frozen surface. Its defining feature lies 100m-300m below its crust, a thick multi layered metal shell encasing the entire inner portion of the planet. The shell is 300 m thick and is made up of layers of previously unknown super alloys, perfect down to the last atom. Colossal metal supports connect distant sections of the shell with each other. Complex planetary spanning carbon networks weave through the entire shell structure, including the planetary supports giving flexibility to the structure.

The carbon weave’s flexibility coupled with the tensile and shear strengths of the metal layers, mean that the planetary shell could withstand concentrated direct hits from the entire Mesulean arsenal and still remain unbreached at the point of impact. Tunnel networks and dwellings branch off the planetary superstructure in fractal patterns, like tendrils, flexing gracefully in response to orbital bombardments. Other than the phenomenal displays of civil engineering and material sciences, no other sign of the shell makers technology has been found. No sign of what caused the shell makers to abandon Oziri has been found either.

### Background

Aside from the remarkable megafortress hidden beneath the surface, Oziri is lacking in many critical resources required for a self-sufficient industrial base. This lack of useful materials coupled with its remoteness, made it an unattractive target for early government colonization projects. It was heavily studied by scientists of many disciplines over the centuries. In recent times however, without further clues as to the shell makers technology and methods, most believe they have exhausted all knowledge that the Oziri megastructure has to offer.

While the unique defensibility of Oziri was unquestionable, Atrunian, Mesulean and Nuilean militaries could find little practical use for a fortress so removed from anything of value, and so Oziri remained mostly as a curiosity during early colonization efforts.

### Rise in Space Piracy

As the Mesulean and Nuilean colonies began to mature however, and space travel began to be much more frequent throughout the system, space piracy began to become a serious and expensive problem. Abecean flares are frequent, emitting large bursts of xrays into the system. Spacecraft's vulnerable communications and sensory equipment must be shielded during these events, restricting their capabilities. Flares give pirates a window to, attack, board and retreat before distress calls can be sent.

In response to the rise in piracy, Atruna and Mesulea increased their fleet sizes greatly. Despite this, they lacked the ships to provide escorts to the majority of trade vessels. The primary purpose of the fleets was to seek and destroy pirate vessels docking at pirate bases set up in the asteroid belt. There were millions of ship sized asteroids to police, so it was a difficult task.

Despite some limited success in combating piracy by the Atrunian and Nuilean militaries, the most successful pirates became wealthy enough to acquire spike drives. Spike drives increased the striking range of pirates considerably, allowing them to retreat to the outer solar system and beyond, including Oziri.

Oziri was soon occupied by several Pirate Lords, rich spike driving wielding pirate captains who began claiming sections of the superstructure for themselves. As wealth and goods flowed into Oziri, large marketplaces for both legal and illegal trade began to appear. People of all kinds began to migrate from elsewhere in the system to find their fortunes meeting the swelling needs of this burgeoning criminal society.

### The Oziri Conflict

As Oziri grew in power, the Mesuleans and Atruneans sought to eliminate this escalating threat to their shipping lanes. With a naval bombardment being ultimately futile, they attempted a massive ground assault on the structure. The attack was ill fated however, as the labyrinthian warrens of the inner structure had been designed with defense in mind. Chaotic twists and turns and engineered diffractive wall surfaces broke up signals, turning long range detection attempts into pure noise. Walking in blind, Atrunean marines in power armor endured a seemingly unending series of killboxes as they flushed the pirates out of one hole, only for them to escape into another. The less disciplined pirates with patchwork equipment proved extremely painful to root out.

Unused to war and hardship, and after tens of thousands of casualties with no real end in sight, the battle-weary Atrunean populace pressured their government to concede defeat. With the Atruneans out of the war, the then frontier Mesuleans were unable to maintain a protracted ground campaign without support. The Mesulean fleet attempted a naval blockade of Oziri, but after relentless hit and run attacks with ground to orbit weapons, they gave up on that as well.

### The Pirate Compact

While the war had been costly for the Atrunenas and Mesuleans, it had been for the Pirates as well. They realized they had to be careful to not incur the wrath of the inner systems. They began selecting their targets carefully, making sure never to raid the same corporations too often or too close together. As the pirates faded from an escalating menace to merely a persistent nuisance, just another minor risk on the balance sheet, the inner system began to accept some level of piracy as the new normal. The Pirate Lord’s formalized their new approach in a written agreement. If any Pirate Lord or independent pirate became too greedy, they would face the wrath of the others for bringing danger upon them.

### Modern Oziri

Today, Oziri is a sprawling metropolis, ruled by a tangle of pirate lords, shadowy middle system corporate representatives and local mafias. Every corner of it thrums with life. Crime exists but is not as rampant as one might expect, as the local powers dislike competitors. You have to watch your back but you can get anything and find out anything in Oziri, and there is tremendous opportunity for people who have their wits and are willing to break a few rules.

### The Oziri Council

The Oziri Council is a governmental body composed of representatives chosen by the most powerful factions on Oziri, mostly the pirate lords. They oversee the policy decisions that affect Oziri as a whole. One such policy is the patrolling and protection of Oziri space. Each Council faction is expected to contribute military units to the patrol of Oziri space, protecting it from imperial incursions. Various other policies exist for taxation, maintenance, docking rights, policing, management of resource stockpiles, corporate immunity, as well as foreign policy decisions.

### Docks

Oziri has dozens of docks of various sizes. Each dock is structured in a honeycomb pattern, with each cell housing a single ship. Each cell has a retractable door. During peacetime, these cell doors tend to stay open. Minor repairs on ships are conducted by vacc suited repair crews. For major repairs, a cell can be filled with air to allow a team to work on the ship more easily. Each dock tends to have different sized cells for different craft. Every dock on Oziri has been claimed by various factions.

### Zirta

The largest dock rests on top of the city of Zirta, which is jointly managed by the entire Oziri council. The Zirta Dock attracts the most commercial traffic of any dock. The docks lie directly beneath the planetary shell, and the city lies beneath the docks. The city exists in a colossal chamber, with a floor area of 20x20 km, and a height of 2 km. The upper city hangs from the ceiling and the lower city rests on the floor. The city is broken into districts. The Market District exists in the upper city and contains vendors selling every conceivable good. The Industrial District houses manufacturing and resides in the lower city. The Urban District houses the upper and middle classes, and resides in the upper city. The lower city contains the worker district and the slums.

### Infighting

Pirate factions have been known to go to war. The pirate compact drafted by the council stipulates a restriction on altercations on neutral ground. Neutral ground is composed of the commercial, residential and administration districts, as well as the Oziri shipping lanes and space above commercial docks. This restriction allows parties doing business on Oziri to feel insulated from violence, preventing a loss in business for all factions. Members of warring factions sometimes cross paths on neutral ground, commonly leading to brawls, which are generally ignored. Killing on neutral ground however, earns a death sentence.

### Corporate Relationships

The relationships between pirates and corporations are dynamic and complex. Some corporations are targeted by raids, while corporations doing business on Oziri are protected from being raided by the Council. For a corporation to get immunity status from the council can be politically tricky, some factions may want to do business with the corporation, others may want to raid them. Most factions are involved in other commerce besides raiding, and so each has different interests. Different interests and schemes are what lead factions into war with each other.

### Interstellar Trade

Being the outermost planet, with highly developed markets, Oziri serves as a port for many Interstellar traders.

## Other System Features

### The O’Neil Clusters

Several clusters of O'Neill cylinders dot Abecean space, groups of giant cylindrical habitats with rotationally induced artificial gravity, large enough to sustain a micro climate. They vary in size but the average is a cylinder of 8 km in diameter and 40 km long. They tend to have habitation and green space along the inner wall of the cylinder with an axle down the middle of the cylinder, usually lit up according to an earth-like day-night cycle. Rarer are honeycomb O’Neill cylinders, with the “open sky” in the center of the cylinder replaced with more living space, manufacturing or commercial operations.

Colonists have many different reasons for looking for an existence outside the realms of the planetary systems. Some enjoy the controlled environments they provide, others seek a community of religious togetherness, yet others want nothing but freedom away from the major powers. Despite these varying reasons, individual O’Neill cylinders tend to have a fairly uniform culture, with clusters being less uniform in culture, but still quite similar. There are 5 notable clusters in Abecean space, 4 of which occupy middle system orbits, and 1 in an inner system orbit.

### Belt Cluster

The belt cluster is the innermost of the middle clusters. They are a freedom loving bunch, who survive by mining the belt and trading with the middle system. They are the most cosmopolitan cluster, foreign ships frequently dock at their colony on their way to or from the belt.

**Alucorp Station**

Alucorp station was founded by Alucorp, a space mining corporation focusing on Aluminum (go figure). The station is positioned at the barycenter of the densest asteroid group in the belt, which contains asteroids \<name1\>, \<name2\>, \<name3\>, the 1st, 3rd and 6th largest asteroids in the belt. Alucorp Station began as a dock with a small rotating habitation module, where ore barges could dock. As operations grew, an O'Neill cylinder was constructed next to the dock. The dock and cylinder are attached by a central walkway that leads from the dock to the center of the cylinder on the clockwise side. The dock does not rotate, so the dockway is coupled to the cylinder with a massive bearing. Over the centuries, new cylinders were constructed in the vicinity by a variety of corporations and spacer unions. These auxiliary cylinders were mostly created as habitation and agriculture modules for spacers working in the belt, while Alucorp station became the metropolitan center of the Belt Cluster. Many corporations have offices on Alucorp Station, including in the following industries: mining, refining, manufacturing, spacecraft. It also has a considerable amount of hotels and nightlife for spacers, as well as Mesulean, Nuilean and Atrunean consulates. Ma

**Tiān Cylinder**

Tian Cylinder was constructed by the spacer union *Hànzú Láodòng zhě* (hope that’s right, should mean “Workers of the Han”) that was founded by a community of Chinese colonists to Atruna. It's cuĺture would be recognizable as Chinese to 21st century humans, but has evolved and incorporated other ideas and so is not strictly the same. For instance, chinese architecture, artistic themes, language and diet have persisted, but some social conventions have changed. The spacer union is run by three prominent families, \<name1\>, \<name2\> and \<name3\>.

### Ascendant Cluster

**CAD Technology**

600 years ago, Cognition Augmentation Devices (CAD’s) became feasible. CAD’s are built using several component technologies: a Mind Machine Interface (MMI), a Biologically Compatible Microchip (BCM), and a Cognitive Modeling Intelligence (CMI). These three components form a CAD’s core engine. Through a CAD, regular software can interface with or be interfaced by the brain. The MMI is the hardware attached to the brain that gives read and write capabilities, along with the low level routing software. The CMI is an AI that monitors and interprets the activity happening inside the brain. The CMI provides an API which allows standard software to interact with the brain. The CMI interprets requests from the brain and runs the software that handles the requests. Additionally, software can send commands to the CMI, which then figures out how to convey the software’s output to the mind. The BCM is what the CMI runs on.

**Inception of CAD’s**

The first team to build a CAD were far ahead of their competitors. Outside of the team themselves, no one was aware of how far they had progressed. They owed this to several key discoveries in CMI’s. Against the wishes and knowledge of the rest of the team, three of the team members implanted CADs in themselves. The moment the surgery bots finished the operations, the team members attempted to kill each other. The survivor was a man named Alexei Zhakharov.

**Crackdown on CADs**

Upon finding the two corpses, the CAD team told the authorities who immediately undertook a manhunt, but Alexei managed to evade them. The Atrunean government banned CADs from being produced, but in secret, hired the remaining team to work on perfecting CAD technology.

**Alexei’s Madness**

In reclusion, Alexei kept experimenting on his CAD. Through multiple iterations he was able to boost his cognitive ability, but became emotionally unstable in the process. His brain became addicted to the experience of enhancement. This caused him to test multiple speculative modifications to his CAD. These modifications would often cause serious shocks to the mind, as it struggled to adjust to large jumps in its cognitive environment. He underwent a series of mental phases characterized by extreme behaviours, such as ultra violence, hyper sexuality, clinical depression, etc. Despite his erratic emotions, his cognitive abilities had exceeded that of an ordinary human. Barely managing to avoid suicide, madness or incarceration, his cognition eventually reached a point where it superseded his addictive behaviour. With his artificially induced madness dampened, he was able to focus on modifying his CAD to tame his extreme emotional behaviour.

**The Ascendant Laboratory**

With his mental state stabilized, Alexei dreamt of having companions. With his extraordinary cognition, he was able to earn a great fortune within an Earth year through illegal trading methods. With his wealth, he was able to begin construction of a small space station in a far flung orbit, beyond Oziri.

**The First Ascendants**

By ordering just base components, he was able to assemble a cloning laboratory in secret. There he experimented with his DNA, coming up with thousands of potential sequences, radically different from his own. When he believed he had good candidate sequences, he began growing trial cases. After several failed batches, he was able to grow 10 trial cases to maturity in a fifth of the time, using an accelerated growth method he’d developed. When they reached maturity they were released from a coma, housed in airlock cells and outfitted with CAD’s. The candidates underwent a series of trials and tests to determine their fitness. If they failed, the air was evacuated, and their bodies organic material recycled. After 40 years of trials, Alexei had finally found the process for constructing what he believed were stable and superior beings that he termed Ascendants.

Upon reaching his goal, he released his latest batch of 10 ascendants. They decided that for the horrors he had committed, he should be sentenced to die. They promptly put him in an airlock and ejected him into space.

**The Ascendant Cluster**

The Ascendants set out to construct a harmonious society the likes of which human beings had never seen. Borrowing in part from their mad creator, they amassed wealth through legal trading on Atrunean markets. With their wealth, they began constructing an O’Neill cylinder, and growing new Ascendants. The Ascendants they grew were not held in captivity but raised among them. Over the next century, they built up a small cluster, striving to exist in perfect harmony.

Construction

Other potential clusters

  - > Religious cluster
    
      - > Well of course they would

  - > Harmony cluster
    
      - > Obsessed with perfect arrangement of life and matter

  - > Academy cluster (giant space based university)
    
      - > I mean it’s awesome, I would want to go there… rule of cool
