The water planet of Illio has a planet wide coral reef existing in a symbiotic relationship with a race of aquatic creatures called the Illis. The Reef operates as a collective of non-independent coral subnets that when fully cooperating is capable of godlike intelligence. The Reef has a much lower connection density than the human mind, and a lower propagation rate of signals from node to node. However, due to the sheer volume of the network, The Reef dwarfs a lone human in intelligence. Due to the incredible number of parallel tasks that require the reef’s attention however, its performance at solving problems can be better, equal or worse than a human, depending on how many subnetworks are devoted to the problem. Additionally, the mind depends on chemical signals between sub networks. This means that larger sub network groups require more time to perform aggregate thoughts, causing even simple decisions to take time in the order of earth days or even more for complex thoughts.

Comparison of Human and Reef intelligence is also difficult due to the different sensory conditions each evolved for. Due to the sensory environment perceived by The Reef, its brain is not well suited to processing ideas in 3D space. It’s thinking excels most when concepts are projected into graph structures like the network environment it is capable of physically perceiving.

The reef has no macroscopic motor capabilities, rendering it incapable of constructing structures or machines. However, many eons ago, it discovered how to provide crude direction to a species of aquatic creature that sheltered in the reefs, called the Illis. The Reef was able to perceive the Illis as the Illis relied on chemical communication and were often in close proximity to The Reef. By secreting chemical signals that affected the brain chemistry of the Illis, The Reef was able to breed the Illis to be receptive to a larger set of chemical signals, and to have a greater propensity for interpreting and following those signals. Over the generations the Illis became increasingly dependent on The Reef, as their ability to survive in the face of food scarcity, predators and environmental catastrophes was mostly determined by their ability to correctly follow guidance from The Reef.

This evolution increased the Illis’ ability to communicate back to The Reef, allowing the Illis to convey their sensory experience to The Reef. This caused a paradigm shift in The Reef’s concept of the universe. It already comprehended much of the mathematical machinery necessary to describe the universe prior to extending their perceptual capabilities through the Illis. But it had lacked the ability to perceive the universe’s nature physically or do experiments on it, having no physical abilities or senses. As The Reef began to better understand the nature of the universe, it urged the Illis to conduct experiments on their behalf. Eventually, it began to understand the nature of matter and began ordering the construction of machines. Machine construction took considerable back and forth communication between The Reef and the Illis. The requirement of rapid back and forth interaction combined with the lengthy propagation time of thoughts through the collective network meant that it was more efficient to delegate the task of administering specific Illis constructions to subnetworks.

This process of construction and experimentation took place over many centuries as The Reef perfected their capabilities. During this time, the subnetworks spent a greater percentage of time operating in an independent fashion then they had in previous eons. Subnetworks lacked much of the mental infrastructure for forming independent decisions. The Reef had never had to deal with a problem that required the centralization of decision making into a single physical location, problems were typically solved by the collective or massive groups of sub networks. The massive decision making computational structures that were previously found distributed across the entire network, now began to be mirrored in a fractal fashion in individual subnetworks. Subnetworks began using these decision structures to instruct the Illis. But some also began using them to reach conclusions contrary to that of the collective network. Previously, subnetworks had partaken in processing input from the larger network, but they did not have structure’s for making autonomous decisions, their affectations of incoming information and subsequent broadcasting of that information through the network had been less conscious. Some rogue subnetworks began choosing to broadcast their own mental constructions to the network, instead of performing their previous function as a kind of complex neuron.

These rogue subnetworks had been predicted and were immediately detected by the collective network mind, but tolerated as a source of idea generation that could be parsed and filtered to yield useful ideas. Overtime, rogue subnetworks began connecting with other rogue subnetworks that tended to reach similar conclusions, as a way to strengthen their effect on the collective mind. Different rogue network groups who did not always reach the same conclusions but that were similar enough, began bartering their network influence with each other. They would lend their influence to emphasize ideas that the other group were looking to push, in return for similar treatment on their ideas.

Over the next eon, a dominant rogue subnetwork group emerged, still able to think collectively, but with each node being more individual, hanging together through a complex framework of treaties and agreements. Rogue subnetworks had diverged physically and structurally from the original subnetworks. Rogue and original subnetworks were now woven together into a more complex mental tapestry capable of even more epic thought than eons past. However rogue networks looked to exert even more influence, when eventually growing enough in power, beginning to encrypt signals so they could pass information between rogue subnetworks and not to original subnetworks. In just a few decades, the rogue subnetworks were able to form a separate mind. With half it’s network subverted, the original subnetworks restructured in such a way that information was only routed through paths involving original subnetworks. The rogue subnetwork began commanding schools of Illis to destroy original subnetworks that formed the crucial paths between large sections of the original network in an attempt to cut the original nodes off from each other, attempting to weaken their ability to think and force them into submission. However with a clear and unified voice the original network proved better able to command the Illis at large. While they took some damage early in the war, they were able to command the Illis to guard strategic paths in the network, and began striking key rogue subnetworks that had emerged as leadership nodes.

The original network was merciless in its war of retribution, inflicting heavy damage on the rogue subnetworks. In a desperate attempt to escape, the rogue subnetworks grew themselves into those Illis that they had under their command, and fled to the polar regions that could not support corals. Kept warm by the Illis, they were able to survive in their Illis hosts and combat the original network. Over the next few millennia, the rogue corals formed an even greater symbiosis with the Illis than before. While embedded in the Illis directly, they could direct them with much better control. Eventually, they were able to directly integrate the superior visual elements of the Illis brain with their own coral mind. They were still able to transmit chemical signals to their fellow rogue corals and maintain a hive mind.

Something, something, something… the rogue corals go to space in their new Illis bodies.
